# Bylaws of Sigma Alumni Association of Lambda Chi Alpha, Inc.

## Contents

* [I. General](#article-i-general)
* [II. Purposes](#article-ii-purposes)
* [III. Board of Directors](#article-iii-board-of-directors)
* [IV. Officers](#article-iv-officers)
* [V. Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees, and Agents](#article-v-indemnification-of-officers-directors-employees-and-agents)
* [VI. Contracts, Loans, Deposits, Gifts](#article-vi-contracts-loans-deposits-gifts)
* [VII. Suspension of Chapter Operations, Dissolution of Corporation](#article-vii-suspension-of-chapter-operations-dissolution-of-corporation)
* [VIII. Amendments](#article-viii-amendments)

## Article I. General

1. _Name_. The name of the Corporation is Sigma Alumni Association of Lambda Chi
Alpha, Inc. (the “Corporation”).

2. _Fiscal Year_. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first
day of January and end on the last day of December next succeeding.

## Article II. Purposes

The particular purposes for which the Corporation is formed are: To promote and
further the welfare and interests of the undergraduate and alumni members of
Sigma Zeta of Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity at the University of Michigan in Ann
Arbor, Michigan; to encourage sound academic performance and to foster
successful undergraduate management practices through advice and counsel; to
coordinate and plan alumni activities and communications and stimulate alumni
interest in undergraduate affairs; and to provide and maintain a house for the
benefit of the student members of Sigma Zeta of Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity in
which they may reside and hold meetings and activities.

## Article III. Board of Directors

1. _Directors_. The affairs of the Corporation shall be managed, controlled, and
conducted by, and under the supervision of, the Board of Directors, subject to
the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation and these Bylaws.

2. <a name="number-quorum-and-voting"></a>_Number, Quorum and Voting_. The
number of Directors shall be twelve&nbsp;(12), of whom nine&nbsp;(9) shall be
Alumni Members, including the Chapter Adviser (High Pi), and three&nbsp;(3)
shall be Active Members by virtue of the undergraduate offices held in the
Active Chapter: President (High Alpha), treasurer (High Tau) and Alumni
Secretary (High Rho). Seven&nbsp;(7) Directors shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of any business properly to come before the Board of Directors, of
which at least four&nbsp;(4) shall be Alumni Members. The act of a majority of
Directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of
the Board of Directors.

3. _Election of Directors_. Subject to the requirements of
[Section&nbsp;2](#number-quorum-and-voting) above, the initial Board of
Directors shall be appointed by the incorporator. Subsequent elections of
Directors shall be held at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors.

4. _Terms and Vacancies_. Alumni Directors, other than the Chapter Adviser,
shall hold office for a term of two&nbsp;(2) years and until their successors
are elected. At the organizational meeting of the Corporation, half of the
Alumni Directors&nbsp;(4) shall be elected for a one-year term and the other
half&nbsp;(4) shall be elected for two-year terms. In each subsequent year, at
the Annual Meeting of the Corporation, four&nbsp;(4) Directors shall be elected
to two-year terms. There shall be no limit on the number of terms a Director may
serve. Any vacancy on the Board of Directors shall be filled by the Board of
Directors.

5. _Meetings of Directors and Notice of Meetings_. An annual meeting of the
Board of Directors shall be held in conjunction with Sigma Zeta’s celebration of
Founders Day in March of each year. Special meetings of the Directors may be
held at the call of the President with the Secretary sending notice of such
meetings to the Directors by postal or electronic means not less than
four&nbsp;(4) days before such meetings.

6. _Action By Written Consent_. Any action required or permitted to be taken at
any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, may be taken
without a meeting if a written consent describing such action is signed by each
Director or committee member and such written consent is included in the minutes
or filed with corporate records reflecting the action taken. Action taken by
written consent shall be effective when the last Director or committee member
signs the consent, unless the consent specifies a specific effective date.

## Article IV. Officers

1. _Officers_. Officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors. The officers
of the Corporation shall be a President, a Vice President, a Secretary and a
Treasurer, and such other officers as the Board of Directors may otherwise
elect. An officer may simultaneously hold more than one&nbsp;(1) office. Each
officer shall be elected by the Board of Directors at a regular or special
meeting and shall serve for two&nbsp;(2) years, or such other period as
prescribed by the Directors at the time of election, and until the officer’s
successor is elected. Any officer may be removed by majority vote of the Board
of Directors at any time, with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in any
office shall be filled by the Board of Directors, and the person elected to fill
such vacancy shall serve until the expiration of the term vacated.

2. _President_. The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation and Chairman of the Board of Directors. He shall preside at all
meetings of the Corporation and Directors and shall be responsible for the
implementation of policies established by the Board of Directors. He shall
execute all contracts and documents required in conducting the business of the
Corporation. He shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may
prescribe.

3. _Vice President_. The Vice President shall assist the President, and in the
absence or incapacity of the President, shall be vested with all the powers and
perform all the duties of the President. He shall perform such other duties as
the Board of Directors or the President may prescribe.

4. _Secretary_. The Secretary shall keep the Minutes of the Corporation and the
Board of Directors. He shall be the custodian of all papers, books, and records
of the Corporation other than books of account and financial records. He shall
see that notices of all meetings of the Corporation and the Board of Directors
and reports of such meetings are sent to all members thereof. He shall perform
such other duties as the Board of Directors or the President may prescribe.

5. _Treasurer_. The Treasurer shall prepare and maintain correct and complete
records of account showing accurately the financial condition of the
Corporation. All notes, securities, and other assets of the Corporation shall be
received, accounted for, and placed in safekeeping by the Treasurer. Checks,
notes, drafts and orders for payment shall be signed by the Treasurer and
co-signed by the President or Vice President. Endorsement for deposit may be
made by any officer of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall furnish, whenever
requested by the Board of Directors or the President, a statement of the
financial condition of the Corporation. He shall see that all tax forms of the
Corporation are filed with the appropriate agencies, employing such outside tax
preparation services as needed and authorized by the Board of Directors. He
shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors or the President may
prescribe.

6. _Committees_. The Board of Directors may establish committees to accomplish
the goals and enact the programs of the Corporation. Such committees shall have
such responsibilities and powers as the Board of Directors shall specify.
Members of such committees may, but need not, be Directors of the Corporation. A
committee member appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed by the Board
of Directors with or without cause.

## Article V. Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees, and Agents

1. <a name="indemnification-third-party-actions"></a>_Indemnification: Third
Party Actions_. The Corporation has the power to indemnify a person who was or
is a party, or is threatened to be made a party to a threatened, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil criminal, administrative or
investigative and whether formal or informal (other than an action by or in the
right of this Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a
Director, officer, employee, volunteer or agent of the Corporation, or is or was
serving at the request of the Corporation as a Director, officer, partner,
trustee, employee or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, business
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, whether for
profit or not for profit, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees),
judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred by that person in connection with the action, suit or
proceeding if that person acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably
believed by that person to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation or its members, and with respect to a criminal action or proceeding,
if that person had no reasonable cause to believe that the conduct was unlawful.
The termination of an action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement,
conviction, or upon a plea of _nolo contendere_ or its equivalent, shall not, of
itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a
manner reasonably believed by that person to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Corporation or its members and, with respect to a criminal
action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct
was unlawful.

2. <a name="indemnification-actions-in-the-right-of-the-corporation"></a>
_Indemnification: Actions in the Right of the Corporation_. The Corporation has
the power to indemnify a person who was or is a party, or is threatened to be
made a party to a threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the
right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the
fact that the person is or was a Director, officer, employee, volunteer or agent
of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of this Corporation as a
Director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent of another foreign or
domestic corporation, business corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, whether for profit or not against expenses (including actual
and reasonable attorneys’ fees) and amounts paid in settlement incurred by that
person in connection with the action or suit if that person acted in good faith
and in a manner reasonably believed by that person to be in or not opposed to
the best interests of the Corporation or its members. However, no
indemnification shall be made for a claim, issue or matter in which such person
shall have been found to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the
extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought has determined
upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all
circumstances of the case, that person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnification for the expenses which the court considers proper.

3. _Indemnification: Mandatory and Permissive Payments_.

    1. To the extent that Director, officer, employee, volunteer or agent of the
    Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of an
    action, suit or proceeding referred to in
    [Section&nbsp;1](#indemnification-third-party-actions) or
    [Section&nbsp;2](#indemnification-actions-in-the-right-of-the-corporation)
    of this Article, or in defense of a claim, issue or matter in the action,
    suit, or proceeding, that person shall be indemnified against expenses
    (including actual and reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by that person in
    connection with the action, suit or proceeding as well as in connection with
    the action, suit or proceeding brought to enforce the mandatory
    indemnification provided in this Subsection.

    2. An indemnification under
    [Section&nbsp;1](#indemnification-third-party-actions) or
    [Section&nbsp;2](#indemnification-actions-in-the-right-of-the-corporation)
    of this Article, unless ordered by a court, shall be made by this
    Corporation only as authorized in a specific case upon a determination that
    indemnification of the Director, officer, employee, volunteer or agent is
    proper in the circumstances because that person has met the applicable
    standard of conduct as set forth in either
    [Section&nbsp;1](#indemnification-third-party-actions) or
    [Section&nbsp;2](#indemnification-actions-in-the-right-of-the-corporation).
    That determination shall be made in any of the following ways:

        1. By majority vote of a quorum of the Board consisting of Directors who
        were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding.

        2. If that quorum is not obtainable, then by a majority vote of a
        Committee of Directors who were not parties to the action, suit, or
        proceeding. The Committee shall consist of not less than two&nbsp;(2)
        disinterested Directors.

        3. By independent legal counsel in a written opinion.

    3. If a person is entitled to indemnification under
    [Section&nbsp;1](#indemnification-third-party-actions) or
    [Section&nbsp;2](#indemnification-actions-in-the-right-of-the-corporation)
    of this Article for a portion of expenses including attorneys’ fees,
    judgments, penalties, fines, and amounts paid in settlement, but not for the
    total amount thereof, the Corporation may indemnify the person for the
    portion of the expenses, judgments, penalties, fines, or amounts paid in
    settlement for which the person is entitled to be indemnified.

4. <a name="indemnification-expense-advances"></a>_Indemnification: Expense
Advances_. Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or
proceeding described in [Section&nbsp;1](#indemnification-third-party-actions)
or [Section&nbsp;2](#indemnification-actions-in-the-right-of-the-corporation) of
this Article may be paid by this Corporation in advance of the final disposition
of the action, suit, or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on
behalf of the Director, officer, employee, volunteer or agent to repay the
expense if it is ultimately determined that the person is not entitled to be
indemnified by this Corporation. The undertaking shall be by unlimited general
obligation of the person on whose behalf advances are made but need not be
secured.

5. _Indemnification: Continuation of Right_. The indemnification provided in
[Sections&nbsp;1](#indemnification-third-party-actions) through
[4](#indemnification-expense-advances) of this Article shall continue as to a
person who has ceased to be a Director, officer, employee, volunteer or agent
and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of any
deceased or former Director, officer, employee or agent who would have been
entitled to indemnification.

6. <a name="indemnification-hereunder-not-exclusive"></a>_Indemnification,
Hereunder Not Exclusive_. The indemnification or advancement of expenses
provided in [Section&nbsp;1](#indemnification-third-party-actions) through
[4](#indemnification-expense-advances) of this Article is not exclusive of other
rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may
be entitled under the Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws or a contractual
agreement. However, the total amount of expenses advanced or indemnified from
all sources combined shall not exceed the amount of actual expenses incurred by
the person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses.

7. _Insurance_. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of
any person who is or was a Director, officer, employee, volunteer or agent of
the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, business
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any
liability asserted against the person and incurred by the person in any such
capacity or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the
Corporation would have the power to indemnify the person against such liability
under [Sections&nbsp;1](#indemnification-third-party-actions) through
[6](#indemnification-hereunder-not-exclusive) of this Article.

8. _Mergers_. For purposes of this Article, references to the “corporation”
include all constituent corporations absorbed in a consolidation or merger, as
well as the resulting or surviving corporation, so that any person who is or was
a director, officer, employee or agent of the constituent corporation, or is
serving as a director, officer, employee, volunteer or agent of another foreign
or domestic corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise,
whether for profit or not, shall stand in the same position under the provisions
of this Article with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation or
business corporation as the person would if he or she had served the resulting
or surviving corporation or business corporation in the same capacity.

## Article VI. Contracts, Loans, Deposits, Gifts

1. _Contracts_. The Board of Directors may authorize one or more officers,
agents, or employees of the Corporation to enter into any contract or execute
any instrument on its behalf. Such authorization may be general or confined to
specific instances. Unless so authorized by the Board of Directors, no officer,
agent, or employee shall have any power to bind the Corporation or to render it
liable for any purpose of amount.

2. _Loans_. Unless authorized by the Board of Directors, no property, real or
personal, owned or acquired by the Corporation shall be mortgaged, sold,
transferred, assigned, or otherwise encumbered.

3. _Deposits_. All funds of the Corporation shall be deposited to its credit in
such bank, banks, or other depositories as the Board of Directors may designate.

4. _Gifts_. The Board of Directors may accept on behalf of the Corporation any
gift, bequest, devise, or other contributions for the purposes of the
Corporation on such terms as the Board of Directors shall determine.

## Article VII. Suspension of Chapter Operations, Dissolution of Corporation

1. _Suspension_. In the event that the charter of Sigma Zeta of Lambda Chi Alpha
Fraternity at the University of Michigan is suspended or revoked for any reason,
all of the property, both real and personal, belonging to this a Zeta and to the
Corporation shall pass to Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity, Incorporated, of
Indianapolis, Indiana, in trust for the following purposes: The property may be
held or sold in the sole discretion of the trustee. The trustee shall, if
sufficient trust funds are available, first pay any outstanding liabilities of
the Zeta and of the Corporation which remain unpaid at the time the assets are
transferred to the trustee. During the term of the trust the income of the trust
fund shall be paid to Lambda Chi Alpha Educational Foundation, Inc. of
Indianapolis, Indiana. If this Zeta is reactivated within a period of
twenty&nbsp;(20) years from the date of the commencement of this trust, the
trust shall terminate and the proceeds shall be distributed to a not-for-profit
corporation which shall be organized for the same purposes as this Corporation
was organized. In the event that this Zeta is not reactivated within this term
of twenty&nbsp;(20) years, then at the end of this term the trust shall
terminate and the proceeds shall be distributed to Lambda Chi Alpha Educational
Foundation, Inc. of Indianapolis, Indiana.

2. _Dissolution_. Should this Corporation be dissolved while Sigma Zeta is still
an active chapter of Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity, all property, real and
personal, belonging to this Corporation shall, prior to dissolution, be conveyed
to a new corporation to be organized for the same purposes as this Corporation
was organized, and upon failure to organize this Corporation, all property, real
and personal, shall be conveyed to Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity Incorporated, of
Indianapolis, Indiana prior to such dissolution. Such property while held by
Lambda Chi Alpha Fraternity, Incorporated, of Indianapolis, Indiana, shall be
used for the benefit of Sigma Zeta of Lambda Chi Alpha at the University of
Michigan.

## VIII. Amendments

The power to make, alter, amend, or repeal the Bylaws is vested in the Board of
Directors of the Corporation.
